Add documentation for dapr sidecar not present and dapr configuration error (#181)
Azure/azure-functions-dapr-extension: troubleshooting-guide.md

    ```YAML
    annotations:
        dapr.io/enabled: "true"
        dapr.io/app-id: "functionapp"
        # Only define port of Dapr triggers are included
        dapr.io/app-port: "3001"
    ```
- If you are running your Azure Function locally, make sure you are [running the function app with Dapr](https://github.com/ASHIQUEMD/azure-functions-dapr-extension/tree/master/samples/python-v2-azurefunction#step-2---run-function-app-with-dapr). Execute the following command:
    ```bash
    dapr run --app-id functionapp --app-port 3001  --components-path ..\components\ -- func host start 
    ```

**Preventive Measures:** To prevent this error, always ensure that Dapr is properly set up and enabled in your environment before using Dapr bindings and triggers with Azure Functions.

## Dapr app config error

**Symptoms:** If you encounter the following error message:
```plaintext
The Dapr sidecar is configured to listen on port {portInt}, but the app server is running on port {appPort}. This may cause unexpected behavior. For more information, visit [this link](https://aka.ms/azfunc-dapr-app-config-error).
```

> **Possible Causes:** This error can occur when using Dapr Triggers. The Azure Function Dapr Extension starts an HTTP server on port 3001 when there is Dapr trigger in your Azure Function, you can configure this port using the DAPR_APP_PORT environment variable. If you provide an incorrect app_port value when running the Function app, it can lead to this problem.

Reviewer: We should mention here that this error occurs when using Dapr Triggers **and** not configuring the app port in Dapr settings for the ContainerApps properly. You can mention in a note on why it is needed (as a quick explanation).

Author: Feel free to modify this content, I will incorporate your commit.

> **Resolution:**

Reviewer: This part should contain the information on customizability with `DAPR_APP_PORT`.

Author: Feel free to modify this content, I will incorporate your commit.

The Dapr sidecar is configured to listen on port {portInt}, but the app server is running on port {appPort}. This may cause unexpected behavior. For more information, visit [this link](https://aka.ms/azfunc-dapr-app-config-error).
```

**Possible Causes:** This error occurs when using Dapr Triggers and not configuring the app port in Dapr settings for the ContainerApps properly. 

**Note:** The Azure Function Dapr Extension starts an HTTP server on port 3001 when there is Dapr trigger in your Azure Function, you can configure this port using the DAPR_APP_PORT environment variable. If you provide an incorrect app_port value when running the Function app, it can lead to this problem.

**Resolution:**

> ***Configure the app-port correctly:*** When you are triggering a function from Dapr, the extension will expose port 3001 automatically to listen to incoming requests from the Dapr sidecar. This port is configurable, you can provide any other available port in your app settings for DAPR_APP_PORT env variable instead of 3001.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Configure the app-port correctly:*** In your ContainerApp's Dapr settings,
1. *If you are using a Dapr Trigger in your code*, make sure that the app port is set to 3001 or `DAPR_APP_PORT` if explicitly set as an environment variable for application.
1. *If you are not using a Dapr Trigger in your code*, make sure that the app port is **not set**. It should be empty.
```
